Oh hi there!
Do not care about me, I just walk in the forest
Or do I actually?
That's true
I'm in space
Or am I actually?
That's true
I'm in the woods again
I can tell that you have
Strong thinking
This video is not for the weak minds (superficial)
This video will make you think
How to make your eyes real, if you do not have eyes
Today we will go to the Reddit site where the place goes to the owners of deep thinking
Socrates, Plato, if they revive this place where they will spend their time and spread their judgment in it
I definitely speak about I am 14. This is a deep riddet. Is your mind ready?
To explode
Let's Begin
A coincidence or not
If the letters are equal to the numbers, well, then 11 + 14
* Knowledge is equal to 96%, but hard work is equal
98% are both important, but both have not received 100%
Behavior equals 100%
*shock*
Okay! This will actually make you think
By coincidence or not? We will never know
But at least we learned, and the sex of the ass is 110%, in fact
Equal to 111%
After you !!!!
This strongly influenced Vinny
Instagram
LOL
That's right, so I do not have an instagram
Thank you very much all these sheep
These sheep, these fools easily fall by the devil
In the instagram
Timbler became realistic, guys, okay
It's a bulb and a mousetrap "This image has a deep meaning, bulb
The idea of ​​a person represents either a rat trap that represents how fast it is
The community runs this idea "... are you lagging behind?
Not just a bulb falling on a rat trap, close your mouth
Young I do not know the significance of the picture
But if that is what the person said, he proved it correctly, she said
You control it, like what you said about society
His forehead was pounded
What I am astonished by this is I, just the smart ones will understand
هههههههههههههههه
That's right, you have to
This is a great mind
To possess this heterogeneous mind. See all your happy people, but I'm very clever
To be happy. I once saw a lot of Rick and Morty episodes and then I knew I was done
Then I learned depression is real ... after me! Parallel lines have many common factors but they never meet
Start ! Do you think this is sad?
But cross-lines meet once and then never meet! This is really sad.
very
Crisis, turnover, regression, pressure, overcrowding
There is nothing Vinnie influenced more than the cross-lines
This is too deep!
I have not thought about the lines before
View Profile
This deep heheheh
I do not know what's going to happen but I'll only cry when I think that ****** they think they look like Danny Davito
Hey man, I 'il be very happy if you see Danny Devito when you really see the mirror
I will be happy, why do I put headphones? If there is no sound!
* Great exclamation marks question * - Freemasonry everywhere
I have iPhone, Mac
Xbox, Playstation 3, Wii
Internet, money portfolio, more than most families, I'm never happy
Using a stone as a camera, the happiest child in the world!
I wish I had a stone, some kids are really lucky
I wish I had a religion, some kids are lucky
I wish I had kids, hands really lucky.
My God it lasts, this is actually sad! (Breast)
Book
Second time if you see a breast
I will read the book ten times to make up. Not 20 times. For every breast of his breasts
200 books. Only one breast Haha
If the Titanic sank in 2017
All of the people were shooting, "What is supposed to be my destiny, save the ship, for example?"
But at least if we unite with some of the wives of Hashtak # save_taitenk_2017 lie in peace
I'm fine (from above look saved)
If there was only one person at least, he would have been saved. Shufu how the fingers of her feet
How perfectly she was walking from her knees
It was the fingers of her legs growing from her knees, this is disgusting
Why do you clean a vacuum cleaner?
Sorry, because you clean the vacuum cleaner you are considering
Vacuum cleaner. Your age I thought, do you forget? I did not think I was scared!
*Laughter*
* Inspiration * Hmm .. Ha
Dr. Psycho came to our classroom and spoke with us two dimensions. We asked a question. Tell me!
Do you prefer to fire or break your heart?
No one answered but I replied and I said to fire, then he asked me why I answered!
Because if I was shot with a bullet can be treated
Look at me and said: Min agree with it?
And no one answered, and he said, No one of you has broken his heart before.
They do not know the pain
They do not know the pain. He was shot with fifty bullets
Directly in your heart
This is a feeling, and even if he healed it would come back not as a heart. (Bodbay 2017)
People think it is fun and wonderful to be
"Awake"
Lol he's in the dark it's a very bad feeling
Kanek is frustrated and conscious in a society that is not conscious
In fact
the society
You are here ... and I am
I'm here ... I look under you and think how stupid people are
It's hard to be conscious. You did not understand the thoughts that spin in my mind!
Yes this is my legs!
Neil Wachd says?
Almost all armed conflicts in history have come through
Opponents of science believe that non-scientific things are true. My God
Are you telling me?
Are you telling me that humans have different and different ideas? No!
This is so far away even on my open mind
I refuse to consider this a fact. Neil go to the things of science and keep them and keep away from the deep thinkers
like me
* Zaher * (Biody hungry)
I'll let you know
"My Father
Just remember when you pull my iPhone or iPad you take me
my happiness"
It's a fact
Biodepi most likely retreated from the form in his career this moment
Aish Khlak think of a strange thing Haha
This is true when this video ends, your happiness will end with it, but do not worry there is another video waiting for you
Hold a bowl and throw it on the ground
Ihah
Is it broken? Yes ... now a bit sorry ... sorry
Did he return what he was before?
Laughing
Did you understand
I love you
Oh Gooden
"It's your birthday Matthew told me
Are you not excited to be 15? he asked me
Read my book. And then I cried, I became
From time "because of my mind ... under here I may be 15
Maybe I may be 12 but above here
I am a man of advanced age with a mixture of things and a bunch of perverse sexual fantasies
do you want to see ?
Come Come baby Come Come
This will end this episode
If you think your mind will open slightly
If I learned anything today
If you write a book. Leave the triangle to the lycat if you see
Five episodes of the series Rick and Morty total. Leave four loops if your personal photo is good
Leave five liqueurs ... This is impossible
Which is estimated to degrade five lycates
Now excuse me
Let me go for some deeper thoughts
* Serious thinking *
Oh hello
Do not mind me. I'm just walking in the woods (sure biody)
Or do I actually?
That's true